YAML reference: Some `macos_setup` keys are cross-platform (#37680)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Configuration/yaml-files.md

### macos_setup

The `macos_setup` section lets you control the out-of-the-box [setup experience](https://fleetdm.com/guides/setup-experience).

> **Experimental feature.** The `manual_agent_install` feature is undergoing rapid improvement, which may result in breaking changes to the API or configuration surface. It is not recommended for use in automated workflows.

- `bootstrap_package` is the URL to a bootstrap package. Fleet will download the bootstrap package. Applies to macOS only (default: `""`).
- `manual_agent_install` specifies whether Fleet's agent (fleetd) will be installed as part of setup experience. Applies to macOS only (default: `false`)
- `enable_end_user_authentication` specifies whether or not to require end user authentication when the user first sets up their host. Applies to macOS, Windows, Linux, iOS/iPadOS, and Android. 
- `require_all_software` specifies whether to cancel setup on a macOS host if any software installs fail.

> - `enable_release_device_manually` when enabled, you're responsible for sending the [`DeviceConfigured` command](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/devicemanagement/device-configured-command). End users will be stuck in Setup Assistant until this command is sent. Applies to macOS only.

Author: ```suggestion
- `enable_release_device_manually` when enabled, you're responsible for sending the [`DeviceConfigured` command](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/devicemanagement/device-configured-command). End users will be stuck in Setup Assistant until this command is sent. Applies to Apple (macOS, iOS, iPadOS) hosts that automatically enroll via Apple Business Manager (ABM).
```
